Intel Virtual Machine configuration on Proxmox. (#939)
firecracker-microvm/firecracker: docs/dev-machine-setup.md

### Local Bare-Metal Machine

> 

Reviewer: Why is this TODO gone?

### Local Virtual Machine

> Firecracker can also be installed in a Proxmox VM which uses KVM as Hypervisor. The nested option on the host where Proxmox is running must be enabled. In the following example nested virtualization has not been enabled yet ("N" No) so to check nested virtualization in your Proxmox host excecute the following command:

Reviewer: Please use maximum 80 characters per line.

   ```
   cat /sys/module/kvm_intel/parameters/nested
   N
   ```

To enable nested virtualization follow these steps:

>    ```

Reviewer: nit: It looks better with one block of code rather than split each command in one block:
```
   echo "options kvm-intel nested=Y" > /etc/modprobe.d/kvm-intel.conf
   modprobe -r kvm_intel
   modprobe kvm_intel
   reboot
```

   echo "options kvm-intel nested=Y" > /etc/modprobe.d/kvm-intel.conf
   ```

   ```

>    modprobe -r kvm_intel

Reviewer: Why do you have to remove kvm_intel and then add it?

   ```

   ```
   modprobe kvm_intel
   ```

   ```
   reboot
   ```

After the Proxmox host reboot, the nested option should be enabled ("Y" Yes)
 
   ```
   cat /sys/module/kvm_intel/parameters/nested
   Y
   ```

> Now create a new Linux VM where Firecracker will be running, Alpine or Ubuntu Server distros will be good a choice. Use the following specifications and please set the Processor type to "Host" when selecting the CPU:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now create a new Linux VM where Firecracker will be running. Alpine or Ubuntu
Server distros are good choices. Use the following specifications and please
set the Processor type to "Host" when selecting the CPU:
```

   ```
   Memory: 4 GB
   Processors: 2 (1 socket, 2 cores) Type: Host
   Hard Disk: 50 GB
   Network Device: 1 
   ```

> Once the installation of the Linux operating system has finished and the Proxmox VM is up and running, open an SSH connection to the VM and continue with the Firecracker [Getting Started](getting-started.md) instructions to use Firecracker to create a microVM.

Reviewer 2: nit: add blank lines before and after code snippets.

> Once the installation of the Linux operating system has finished and the Proxmox VM is up and running, open an SSH connection to the VM and continue with the Firecracker [Getting Started](getting-started.md) instructions to use Firecracker to create a microVM.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the installation of the Linux operating system has finished and the
Proxmox VM is up and running, open an SSH connection to the VM and continue
with the Firecracker [Getting Started](getting-started.md) instructions to
create and launch Firecracker microVMs.
```
